skill(cc-adoption): recommend next-dev-loop and add build-only path (#95122)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/migrating-to-cache-components.mdx

The migration is driven by **instant navigation validation**. With Cache Components enabled, Next.js validates in development whether navigating into each route renders instantly, and surfaces the code that would block it as an error or insight.

## Use the migration skill (recommended)

The [`next-cache-components-adoption`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/skills/next-cache-components-adoption) skill lets an agent drive the migration with you. It runs in two steps:

1. **Get the build green.** The agent runs a codemod that adds `export const instant = false` to every page and layout. Each opt-out gets a `// TODO: Cache Components adoption` comment as a marker. You can merge this as a standalone PR and tackle step 2 incrementally.

> 2. **Remove the opt-outs one at a time.** For each route, the agent walks the subtree top-down, applies the fix the dev overlay points at (cache the data with [`use cache`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache), wrap the dynamic part in [`<Suspense>`](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense), or leave the route opted out with a comment explaining why), and checks in with you before moving on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`next-cache-components-adoption`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/skills/next-cache-components-adoption) skill helps migrate routes to Cache Components incrementally:

1. **Get the build green.** It adds `export const instant = false` to every page and layout, with a `// TODO: Cache Components adoption` marker. You can stop here and open a checkpoint PR, or continue directly to adoption.
2. **Adopt route by route.** It removes each opt-out top-down, applying the needed fix: cache data with [`use cache`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache), wrap dynamic UI in [`<Suspense>`](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense), or keep the opt-out with an explanation.

The agent checks in before moving to the next route.
```
